1277257551
ActionController	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      module ActionController
ActiveRecord	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/migration_helpers/lib/migration_helpers.rb	module ActiveRecord
AddAmazonLinkToBook	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100324013019_add_amazon_link_to_book.rb	class AddAmazonLinkToBook 
AddDisabledToUser	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100325022534_add_disabled_to_user.rb	class AddDisabledToUser 
AddDisplayNameColumn	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100329005027_add_display_name_column.rb	class AddDisplayNameColumn 
AddFkConstraints	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100403182947_add_fk_constraints.rb	class AddFkConstraints 
AddPromotedField	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100622015327_add_promoted_field.rb	class AddPromotedField 
AddSaltToUser	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100325022057_add_salt_to_user.rb	class AddSaltToUser 
AddSmallImage	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100609015150_add_small_image.rb	class AddSmallImage 
AddStatusToTicket	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100403224106_add_status_to_ticket.rb	class AddStatusToTicket 
AddStatusToUsedBook	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100507021816_add_status_to_used_book.rb	class AddStatusToUsedBook 
AddUserBookFks	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100324014404_add_user_book_fks.rb	class AddUserBookFks 
AdminCreation	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100329013138_admin_creation.rb	class AdminCreation 
Application	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/config/application.rb	  class Application 
Application	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	  class Application 
Application	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationChecker	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	    class ApplicationChecker
ApplicationChecker	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	    class ApplicationChecker
ApplicationCheckerTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	class ApplicationCheckerTest 
ApplicationController	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BASE_ROOT	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  BASE_ROOT =
BOLD	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      BOLD       =
Book	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/book.rb	class Book 
BookTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/book_test.rb	class BookTest 
BookTransaction	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/book_transaction.rb	class BookTransaction 
BookTransactionTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/book_transaction_test.rb	class BookTransactionTest 
BrowsingTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CLEAR	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      CLEAR      =
CODE	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	  CODE =
CONFIG	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	  CONFIG =
CYAN	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      CYAN       =
ClientHelper	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha/client_helper.rb	  module ClientHelper
ConnectionAdapters	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/migration_helpers/lib/migration_helpers.rb	  module ConnectionAdapters 
CreateBookTransactions	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100522003406_create_book_transactions.rb	class CreateBookTransactions 
CreateBooks	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100323030504_create_books.rb	class CreateBooks 
CreateDefaultRoles	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100326022420_create_default_roles.rb	class CreateDefaultRoles 
CreateFaqCategories	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100401031853_create_faq_categories.rb	class CreateFaqCategories 
CreateFaqs	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100401031913_create_faqs.rb	class CreateFaqs 
CreateRoles	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100326022404_create_roles.rb	class CreateRoles 
CreateTickets	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100401031937_create_tickets.rb	class CreateTickets 
CreateUsedBooks	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100323012829_create_used_books.rb	class CreateUsedBooks 
CreateUsers	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100323030536_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
FRAME	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	  FRAME =
FakeNamespace	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	    class FakeNamespace 
FakeResourceRoute	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	    class FakeResourceRoute 
FakeRoute	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	    class FakeRoute 
FakeRouter	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	    module FakeRouter
FakeSingletonResourceRoute	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	    class FakeSingletonResourceRoute 
Faq	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/faq.rb	class Faq 
FaqCategoriesController	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faq_categories_controller.rb	class FaqCategoriesController 
FaqCategoriesControllerTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/functional/faq_categories_controller_test.rb	class FaqCategoriesControllerTest 
FaqCategoriesHelper	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/faq_categories_helper.rb	module FaqCategoriesHelper
FaqCategoriesHelperTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/helpers/faq_categories_helper_test.rb	class FaqCategoriesHelperTest 
FaqCategory	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/faq_category.rb	class FaqCategory 
FaqCategoryTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/faq_category_test.rb	class FaqCategoryTest 
FaqTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/faq_test.rb	class FaqTest 
FaqsController	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faqs_controller.rb	class FaqsController 
FaqsControllerTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/functional/faqs_controller_test.rb	class FaqsControllerTest 
FaqsHelper	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/faqs_helper.rb	module FaqsHelper
FaqsHelperTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/helpers/faqs_helper_test.rb	class FaqsHelperTest 
GemfileGenerator	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	    class GemfileGenerator
GemfileGenerator	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	    class GemfileGenerator
GemfileGenerator	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	    class GemfileGenerator
GemfileGeneratorTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	class GemfileGeneratorTest 
MAJOR	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha.rb	    MAJOR =
MINOR	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha.rb	    MINOR =
MigrationHelpersTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/migration_helpers/test/migration_helpers_test.rb	class MigrationHelpersTest 
MyApplication	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	module MyApplication
NewConfigurationGenerator	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	    class NewConfigurationGenerator
NewConfigurationGenerator	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	    class NewConfigurationGenerator
NewConfigurationGeneratorTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	class NewConfigurationGeneratorTest 
PATCH	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha.rb	    PATCH =
PREAMBLE	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	  PREAMBLE =
RECAPTCHA_API_SECURE_SERVER	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha.rb	  RECAPTCHA_API_SECURE_SERVER =
RECAPTCHA_API_SERVER	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha.rb	  RECAPTCHA_API_SERVER        =
RECAPTCHA_VERIFY_SERVER	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha.rb	  RECAPTCHA_VERIFY_SERVER     =
RED	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      RED        =
Rails	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	module Rails
Rails	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	module Rails
Rails	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	module Rails
Rails	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	module Rails
Rails	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	module Rails
Rails	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	module Rails
Rails	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	module Rails
Rails	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	module Rails
Recaptcha	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha.rb	module Recaptcha
Recaptcha	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha/client_helper.rb	module Recaptcha
Recaptcha	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha/verify.rb	module Recaptcha
RecaptchaClientHelperTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/recaptcha_test.rb	class RecaptchaClientHelperTest 
RecaptchaError	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha.rb	  class RecaptchaError 
RecaptchaVerifyTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	class RecaptchaVerifyTest 
Role	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/role.rb	class Role 
RoleTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/role_test.rb	class RoleTest 
RouteGenerator	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	    class RouteGenerator
RouteGenerator	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	    class RouteGenerator
RouteObject	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	    class RouteObject
RouteRedrawer	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	    class RouteRedrawer
Routes	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	          class Routes
RoutesUpgrader	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	    class RoutesUpgrader
RoutesUpgrader	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	    class RoutesUpgrader
RoutesUpgraderTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	class RoutesUpgraderTest 
Routing	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	        module Routing
SKIP_VERIFY_ENV	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha.rb	  SKIP_VERIFY_ENV =
STRING	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha.rb	    STRING =
SchemaStatements	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/migration_helpers/lib/migration_helpers.rb	    module SchemaStatements
SearchController	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/search_controller.rb	class SearchController 
SearchControllerTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/functional/search_controller_test.rb	class SearchControllerTest 
SearchHelper	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/search_helper.rb	module SearchHelper
SearchHelperTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/helpers/search_helper_test.rb	class SearchHelperTest 
SessionsController	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	class SessionsController 
SessionsControllerTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/functional/sessions_controller_test.rb	class SessionsControllerTest 
SessionsHelper	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	module SessionsHelper
SessionsHelperTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/helpers/sessions_helper_test.rb	class SessionsHelperTest 
SupportController	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/support_controller.rb	class SupportController 
SupportControllerTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/functional/support_controller_test.rb	class SupportControllerTest 
SupportHelper	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/support_helper.rb	module SupportHelper
SupportHelperTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/helpers/support_helper_test.rb	class SupportHelperTest 
TINY	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha.rb	    TINY  =
TestCase	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
TestController	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	  class TestController
Ticket	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/ticket.rb	class Ticket 
TicketTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/ticket_test.rb	class TicketTest 
TicketsController	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	class TicketsController 
TicketsControllerTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/functional/tickets_controller_test.rb	class TicketsControllerTest 
TicketsHelper	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/tickets_helper.rb	module TicketsHelper
TicketsHelperTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/helpers/tickets_helper_test.rb	class TicketsHelperTest 
Upgrading	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	  module Upgrading
Upgrading	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	  module Upgrading
Upgrading	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	  module Upgrading
Upgrading	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	  module Upgrading
Upgrading	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  module Upgrading
Upgrading	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	  module Upgrading
Upgrading	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	  module Upgrading
Upgrading	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	  module Upgrading
UsedBook	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/used_book.rb	class UsedBook 
UsedBookTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/used_book_test.rb	class UsedBookTest 
UsedBooksController	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	class UsedBooksController 
UsedBooksControllerTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/functional/used_books_controller_test.rb	class UsedBooksControllerTest 
UsedBooksHelper	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/used_books_helper.rb	module UsedBooksHelper
UsedBooksHelperTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/helpers/used_books_helper_test.rb	class UsedBooksHelperTest 
User	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserMailer	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/mailers/user_mailer.rb	class UserMailer 
UserMailerTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/functional/user_mailer_test.rb	class UserMailerTest 
UserMailerTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/user_mailer_test.rb	class UserMailerTest 
UserTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
UsersHelperTest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
VERSION	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha.rb	  module VERSION 
Verify	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha/verify.rb	  module Verify
VirtualBillboard	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/config/application.rb	module VirtualBillboard
WHITE	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      WHITE      =
YELLOW	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      YELLOW     =
_login	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def _login
_logout	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def _logout
accept_buy_request	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def accept_buy_request
add_foreign_key	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/migration_helpers/lib/migration_helpers.rb	      def add_foreign_key
admin_required	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def admin_required
alert	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def alert
alert	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	      def alert
alerts	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	      attr_reader :alerts
app_name	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	      def app_name
app_name	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def app_name
app_name	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	      def app_name
app_name	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	      def app_name
authenticate	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def self.authenticate
authenticated	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def authenticated
authenticated	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def authenticated
base_path	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def base_path
base_path	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	      def base_path
basic_alert	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def basic_alert
browse	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def browse
buy_now	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def buy_now
buy_request	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/mailers/user_mailer.rb	  def buy_request
change_column_arcane	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/migration_helpers/lib/migration_helpers.rb	      def change_column_arcane
change_password	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def change_password
check_ar_methods	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def check_ar_methods
check_deprecated_constants	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def check_deprecated_constants
check_environment	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def check_environment
check_gems	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def check_gems
check_generators	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def check_generators
check_mailers	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def check_mailers
check_old_ajax_helpers	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def check_old_ajax_helpers
check_old_cookie_secret	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def check_old_cookie_secret
check_old_helpers	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def check_old_helpers
check_old_session_secret	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def check_old_session_secret
check_old_session_setting	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def check_old_session_setting
check_plugins	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def check_plugins
check_routes	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def check_routes
check_test_help	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def check_test_help
children	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      attr_accessor :name, :children
clear_files	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def clear_files
color_alert	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def color_alert
config	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	      def config
confirm_old_password	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def confirm_old_password
connect	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def connect
create	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faq_categories_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faqs_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
create_new_salt	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def create_new_salt
current_parent	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def current_parent
current_user	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def current_user
current_user	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def current_user
custom_methods	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def custom_methods
debug	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def debug
delete_row	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/migration_helpers/lib/migration_helpers.rb	      def delete_row
destroy	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faq_categories_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faqs_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100323012829_create_used_books.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100323030504_create_books.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100323030536_create_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100324013019_add_amazon_link_to_book.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100324014404_add_user_book_fks.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100325022057_add_salt_to_user.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100325022534_add_disabled_to_user.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100326022404_create_roles.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100326022420_create_default_roles.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100329005027_add_display_name_column.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100329013138_admin_creation.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100401031853_create_faq_categories.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100401031913_create_faqs.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100401031937_create_tickets.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100403182947_add_fk_constraints.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100403224106_add_status_to_ticket.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100507021816_add_status_to_used_book.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100522003406_create_book_transactions.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100609015150_add_small_image.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100622015327_add_promoted_field.rb	  def self.down
draw	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	            def self.draw
edit	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faq_categories_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faqs_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
encrypted_password	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def self.encrypted_password
environment_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	      def environment_code
environment_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	      def environment_code
environment_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	      attr_writer :environment_code
environment_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	      def environment_code
environment_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	      attr_writer :environment_code
environment_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	      def environment_code
expect_http_post	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	  def expect_http_post
extract_filenames	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def extract_filenames
extract_filenames_from_grep	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def extract_filenames_from_grep
extract_filenames_from_rak	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def extract_filenames_from_rak
find_with_grep	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def find_with_grep
find_with_rak	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def find_with_rak
forgot_password	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def forgot_password
gem	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	      def gem
generate	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def generate
generate_custom_methods_for	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def generate_custom_methods_for
generate_gemfile	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	      def generate_gemfile
generate_new_application_rb	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	      def generate_new_application_rb
generate_new_configurations	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	      def generate_new_configurations
generate_new_gemfile	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	      def generate_new_gemfile
generate_new_routes	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def generate_new_routes
generate_password	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def self.generate_password
generate_upgraded_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	      def generate_upgraded_code
get_amazon_data	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/book.rb	  def self.get_amazon_data
grep_for	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def grep_for
has_environment	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	      def has_environment
has_environment	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	      def has_environment
has_environment	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	      def has_environment
has_environment	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	      def has_environment
has_routes_file	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def has_routes_file
has_routes_file	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	      def has_routes_file
in_rails_app	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def in_rails_app
in_rails_app	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	      def in_rails_app
indent	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	      def indent
indent	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def self.indent
indent_lines	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def indent_lines
index	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faq_categories_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faqs_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/support_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
initialize	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def initialize
initialize	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	      def initialize
initialize	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def initialize
initialize	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def initialize
initialize	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def initialize
initialize	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def initialize
initialize	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def initialize
initialize	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	      def initialize
initialize	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	    def initialize
insert_row	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/migration_helpers/lib/migration_helpers.rb	      def insert_row
is_admin	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def is_admin
is_disabled	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def is_disabled
is_logged_in	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def is_logged_in
is_owner	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/used_books_helper.rb	  def is_owner
is_owner?	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def is_owner?
is_owner?	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/used_book.rb	  def is_owner?
is_owner_or_admin	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/used_books_helper.rb	  def is_owner_or_admin
is_owner_or_admin?	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def is_owner_or_admin?
is_user	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def is_user
join_column_values	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/migration_helpers/lib/migration_helpers.rb	      def join_column_values
last	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def last
last	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def last
login_prohibited	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def login_prohibited
login_required	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def login_required
make_file	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def make_file
manifest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	                    grep_for("def manifest
manifest	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	    make_file("vendor/plugins/thing/generators/thing/", "thing_generator.rb", "def manifest
method_missing	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def method_missing
name	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      attr_accessor :name, :children
name	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      attr_accessor :name, :path, :options
name	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      attr_accessor :routes, :name
namespace	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def namespace
new	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faq_categories_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faqs_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
notify_user_of_accepted_request	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/mailers/user_mailer.rb	  def notify_user_of_accepted_request
old_password	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def old_password
old_password	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def old_password
options	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      attr_accessor :name, :path, :options
opts_to_string	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def opts_to_string
output	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	      def output
params	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	    attr_accessor :request, :params, :session
partial_submit	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def partial_submit
password	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def password
password	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def password
password_confirmation	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  attr_accessor :password_confirmation
password_reset_confirmation	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/mailers/user_mailer.rb	  def password_reset_confirmation
path	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      attr_accessor :name, :path, :options
price_must_be_at_least_a_cent	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/used_book.rb	  def price_must_be_at_least_a_cent
promote	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def promote
random_string	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def self.random_string
recaptcha_tags	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha/client_helper.rb	    def recaptcha_tags
redirect_to_referer_or_root	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def redirect_to_referer_or_root
redrawer	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	            def self.redrawer
registration_confirmation	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/mailers/user_mailer.rb	  def registration_confirmation
remove_foreign_key	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/migration_helpers/lib/migration_helpers.rb	      def remove_foreign_key
request	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	    attr_accessor :request, :params, :session
request_exists?	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/used_book.rb	  def self.request_exists?
resource	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def resource
resources	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def resources
response_with_body	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	  def response_with_body
root	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def root
route_method	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def route_method
route_method	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def route_method
routes	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      attr_accessor :routes
routes	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      attr_accessor :routes, :name
routes_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def routes_code
routes_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	      attr_writer :routes_code
routes_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	      def routes_code
rspec	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	    make_file("vendor/plugins/rspec-rails/", "whatever.rb", "def rspec
run	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	      def run
save_book_if_needed	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def save_book_if_needed
search	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/search_controller.rb	  def search
secure_new_pw	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/user.rb	  def secure_new_pw
send_contact_info	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def send_contact_info
session	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/recaptcha_test.rb	  attr_accessor :session
session	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	    attr_accessor :request, :params, :session
set_book_to_sold	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def set_book_to_sold
set_current_sequence_value	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/migration_helpers/lib/migration_helpers.rb	      def set_current_sequence_value
setup	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	            def self.setup
setup	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def setup
setup	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	  def setup
setup	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/recaptcha_test.rb	  def setup
setup	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	  def setup
show	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faq_categories_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
show_all_param_present	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/tickets_helper.rb	  def show_all_param_present
show_open_tickets_link	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/tickets_helper.rb	  def show_open_tickets_link
show_tickets_index_header	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/tickets_helper.rb	  def show_tickets_index_header
signup	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	    make_file("app/controllers/", "thing_controller.rb", "def signup
signup	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	    make_file("app/models/", "notifications.rb", "def signup
sold_by	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def sold_by
stack	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def self.stack
stack	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def self.stack
stack	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def stack
status_array	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/used_book.rb	  def self.status_array
status_array	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/used_book.rb	  def status_array
status_hash	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/ticket.rb	  def self.status_hash
status_to_i	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/ticket.rb	  def self.status_to_i
status_to_i	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/used_book.rb	  def self.status_to_i
status_to_s	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/ticket.rb	  def self.status_to_s
status_to_s	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/used_book.rb	  def self.status_to_s
status_to_s	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/used_book.rb	  def status_to_s
tags_must_not_have_trailing_comma	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/models/used_book.rb	  def tags_must_not_have_trailing_comma
teardown	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def teardown
test_can_add_sources	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	  def test_can_add_sources
test_changes_lib_to_new_key	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	  def test_changes_lib_to_new_key
test_check_ar_methods_in_controller	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_ar_methods_in_controller
test_check_ar_methods_in_models	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_ar_methods_in_models
test_check_deprecated_constants_in_app_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_deprecated_constants_in_app_code
test_check_deprecated_constants_in_lib	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_deprecated_constants_in_lib
test_check_deprecated_cookie_settings	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_deprecated_cookie_settings
test_check_deprecated_session_secret	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_deprecated_session_secret
test_check_deprecated_session_settings	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_deprecated_session_settings
test_check_environment_syntax	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_environment_syntax
test_check_for_old_test_help	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_for_old_test_help
test_check_for_old_test_help_doesnt_see_test_helper	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_for_old_test_help_doesnt_see_test_helper
test_check_for_old_test_help_with_double_quotes	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_for_old_test_help_with_double_quotes
test_check_gems	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_gems
test_check_generators	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_generators
test_check_helpers	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_helpers
test_check_lack_of_app_dot_rb	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_lack_of_app_dot_rb
test_check_mailer_api	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_mailer_api
test_check_mailer_syntax	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_mailer_syntax
test_check_plugins	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_plugins
test_check_routes	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_check_routes
test_errors_should_be_added_to_model	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	  def test_errors_should_be_added_to_model
test_generates_code_for_default_route	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	  def test_generates_code_for_default_route
test_generates_code_for_named_route	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	  def test_generates_code_for_named_route
test_generates_code_for_namespace	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	  def test_generates_code_for_namespace
test_generates_code_for_regular_route	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	  def test_generates_code_for_regular_route
test_generates_code_for_resources	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	  def test_generates_code_for_resources
test_generates_code_for_resources	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	  def test_generates_code_for_resources
test_generates_code_for_resources_with_special_methods	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	  def test_generates_code_for_resources_with_special_methods
test_generates_code_for_root	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	  def test_generates_code_for_root
test_generates_code_for_route_with_extra_params	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	  def test_generates_code_for_route_with_extra_params
test_generates_routes_file	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	  def test_generates_routes_file
test_generates_with_all_options	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	  def test_generates_with_all_options
test_generates_with_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	  def test_generates_with_code
test_generates_with_gem	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	  def test_generates_with_gem
test_generates_with_no_gems	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	  def test_generates_with_no_gems
test_generates_with_version	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	  def test_generates_with_version
test_homepage	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
test_ignoring_comments	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_ignoring_comments
test_named_scope_left_over	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	  def test_named_scope_left_over
test_raises_error_with_no_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	  def test_raises_error_with_no_code
test_recaptcha_tags	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/recaptcha_test.rb	  def test_recaptcha_tags
test_recaptcha_tags_with_ssl	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/recaptcha_test.rb	  def test_recaptcha_tags_with_ssl
test_recaptcha_tags_without_noscript	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/recaptcha_test.rb	  def test_recaptcha_tags_without_noscript
test_returns_true_on_success	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	  def test_returns_true_on_success
test_returns_true_on_success_with_optional_key	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	  def test_returns_true_on_success_with_optional_key
test_should_raise_exception_without_private_key	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	  def test_should_raise_exception_without_private_key
test_should_raise_exception_without_public_key	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/recaptcha_test.rb	  def test_should_raise_exception_without_public_key
test_should_return_false_when_key_is_invalid	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	  def test_should_return_false_when_key_is_invalid
test_this_plugin	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/migration_helpers/test/migration_helpers_test.rb	  def test_this_plugin
test_timeout	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/test/verify_recaptcha_test.rb	  def test_timeout
ticket_row_colour	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/tickets_helper.rb	  def ticket_row_colour
title	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def title
to_route_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def to_route_code
to_route_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def to_route_code
to_route_code	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def to_route_code
unauthorized_action	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def unauthorized_action
unauthorized_action	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def unauthorized_action
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100323012829_create_used_books.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100323030504_create_books.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100323030536_create_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100324013019_add_amazon_link_to_book.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100324014404_add_user_book_fks.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100325022057_add_salt_to_user.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100325022534_add_disabled_to_user.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100326022404_create_roles.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100326022420_create_default_roles.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100329005027_add_display_name_column.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100329013138_admin_creation.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100401031853_create_faq_categories.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100401031913_create_faqs.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100401031937_create_tickets.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100403182947_add_fk_constraints.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100403224106_add_status_to_ticket.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100507021816_add_status_to_used_book.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100522003406_create_book_transactions.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100609015150_add_small_image.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/db/migrate/20100622015327_add_promoted_field.rb	  def self.up
update	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faq_categories_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/faqs_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/used_books_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
update_permissions	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update_permissions
update_row	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/migration_helpers/lib/migration_helpers.rb	      def update_row
upgrade_routes	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	      def upgrade_routes
user_cp	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def user_cp
verify_recaptcha	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/vendor/plugins/recaptcha/lib/recaptcha/verify.rb	    def verify_recaptcha
you_must_be_an_admin	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def you_must_be_an_admin
you_must_log_in	/Users/aaronmcleod/Documents/rails/virtual_billboard/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def you_must_log_in
